At first glance United Pixel Workers website is overwhelming. It has a very modern feel and I think over all I understand the layout and design, but there are a lot of little things that I think could be different to make it cleaner and less confusing. I think the color scheme works well together and emphasizes all of the right things. The text on the other hand is a little bit hard to read. I like the style of the text, but I think it would be much easier to read if it were not bold. The top of the website before scrolling flows very well together. As I begin to scroll everything gets a little confusing. I like the look of the boxes for the clothing. When I begin to scroll down it changes from clothing to information boxes and then back to more clothing, but a little different format. I think that the information boxes should be with the footer instead of breaking up all of being in the same format as the clothing. I also think it would be much more effective to leave all of the tiny boxes of clothing for the collection page. Having all of this information on the first page becomes too much to look at. From page to page there is a nice flow except for Pixelivery, which seems to take you to a different clothing line. The top navigation should remain the same here so you can easily get back to the last page. I also think the way their navigation is setup at the top with the two blocks of text and logo should scroll with the page. I found myself expecting it to from the way it looks.

Overall, I find that I like the design of the site. I think they could work on navigation. When I get to the FAQ page, it would be nice if they had links to each FAQ that would take you down the page. I think the site has good content, but they could work on the way they use images. The first page is so overwhelmed with images and then the next few pages, FAQ - About, there are no images. I really like the roll call tab. I think it is a great way to connect with customers and stay present. I think as whole I can see a fluid design and layout there are just a lot of little things that I think would really change the site from a mediocre user experience to a great and memorable user experience.