When I first went the MSU Mobile website on my iPhone, I expected to see the same site I always view when I look at MSU from my phone. I was surprised to find a completely mobile designed page. I think that it is a great site, but probably has little traffic. I have had a smartphone for my 3 years at MSU and have never once been redirected here, which makes the site seem pretty useless. I like the layout on the home screen. The interactive icon buttons are very straightforward and aesthetically pleasing. I also think the content that was chosen for the mobile site was very efficiently chosen. All of the topics seems to be the most used for the MSU website. The search bar allows easy access more information if at first you do not find it from the icons. All of the pages are very simple and direct and I think that is the way they should be. It would be way too confusing to have the same content from the website on the mobile site. I find that when I begin to navigate through the pages, the information is never overwhelming. Everything is very straightforward. I like the navigation on the top once you leave the home page. It follows every click you make, making it easy to get back to an earlier page. The site is incredibly easy to understand and very user friendly.
	I think another extremely helpful link that they should add to the mobile site is a schedule section. A place where students can access their current class schedule and enroll in classes. Schedule builder is one of the most important MSU website and the most commonly used on mobile. Another thing that makes this website really great is the customize home icon. It lets the user chose what icons are most important to them  and then they can organize the home icons in a way that makes sense to them. I also like that there is an option to go to the full site, if needed. Overall, I think that MSU has a very efficient mobile webpage. It is a little on the dull side, design wise, but it is very user friendly and has a great interface.